{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Collection View Controllers - Collected Project\

\fs26 [ Comprehension Questions ]\
\

\fs24 What is a collection view controller (CVC)?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> A collection view controller is very similar to a table view controller in that it is a way to easily present information, but they allow you to present items that scroll in both directions instead of a simple scrolling list of cells, like a table view controller. While a table view controller is entirely row-based, the collection view controller has items in groups of sections, it can have multiple dimensions, you can adapt to different heights and widths, and each cell doesn\'92t feel like just a list.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When do you use a table view controller and when a collection view controller?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> You use a collection view controller when you want your cells to have all different sizes or have elements that are vastly different from each other in how they are laid out. A table view controller is best used when a scrolling list of similar cells is desired.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What are the differences in the CVC vs. TVC data source methods?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> The table view controller\'92s data source methods use number of rows in section and cell for row at when setting up the table. The collection view controller\'92s data source methods refer to number of 
\i items
\i0  in section and cell for 
\i item
\i0  at because we are not necessarily using rows in the collection view controller.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
What kinds of interfaces can you build with CVCs that you cannot with TVCs? Under what circumstances are TVCs preferable?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> With CVCs you can build interfaces that not only have scrolling lists up and down, but also have them scrolling side to side. They could also have custom scrolling. There is a lot of flexibility and freedom with the type of interfaces you can make with a collection view controller, but if you want simple, clear information presented in a way that people expect and are most used to, the table view controller might be more preferable.
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When do you use sections to organize table and collection view controllers? What advantages do sections offer?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 >> Sections are used to organize both table and view controllers in situations where the developer wants to organize sets of items by something with a header. This could be used to organize names that all start with the same letter, or paintings that are all done by the same artist. Sections are helpful because they organize your content and with table view controllers, can be used with an index where the user can jump to different sections.}