{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. What is a collection view controller (CVC)?\
It provides a flexible way to present content to the user. Similar to table view but gets data from custom data source and objects can be displayed using a combination of cell, layout and supplementary views.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 2. When do you use a table view controller (TVC) and when a collection view controller (CVC)?\cb1 \
\cb3 You use table view controllers when displaying sets of data in a simple list or single dimensional row of data\
\
CollectionViews are used for displaying multidimensional data. It allows to modify almost every aspect of how data will appear. \
\
3. What are the differences in the CVC vs TVC data source methods?\cb1 \
\cb3 CVC - UICollectionViewDataSource - gives you specific sources for a collection view.\
TVC - UITableViewDataSource - gives you specific sources for a table view.\
\
4. What kinds of interfaces can you build with CVCs that you cannot with TVCs? Under what circumstances are TVCs preferable?\cb1 \
\cb3 I feel like this is the same question as number 2.\
\
TVCs are preferable when displaying sets of data in a simple list or single row of data.\
\
CVCs are used for displaying multidimensional data. One things that is nice is being able to scroll horizontally.\
\
5. When do you use sections to organize table and collection view controllers? What advantages do sections offer?\
\
You use sections to organize the data you are showing.\
Sections allow for people to get to the place they are looking for in a more organized way.\cb1 \
}